









Rescue of a Chinese Pangolin in Hoa Binh - SVW - Save Vietnam's Wildlife









































































































 




















Skip to content






News & MediaResourcesCareersPrivacy PolicyFAQ

























About us

About SVW Our Team Board Members Our partners Our Awards

2021 Goldman Environmental Prize 
 Reports and Finances Contact
Our work

Wildlife Rescue and Rehabilitation Habitat Protection Conservation Research Conservation Breeding Community Engagement Advocacy
Species

Pangolin Owston’s Palm Civet Otters Binturong Leopard Cat Masked Palm Civet
DonorsGet involved

Job Opportunities Volunteer Campaigns Shop Fundraise for us Report Wildlife Crime
ADOPT

Adopt A Pangolin Adopt An Otter Adopt A Leopard Cat Adopt A Binturong Adopt A Civet
DONATE

Donate Wishlist




Search this website



















About us

About SVW
Our Team
Board Members
Our partners
Our Awards

2021 Goldman Environmental Prize


Reports and Finances
Contact


Our work

Wildlife Rescue and Rehabilitation
Habitat Protection
Conservation Research
Conservation Breeding
Community Engagement
Advocacy


Species

Pangolin
Owston’s Palm Civet
Otters
Binturong
Leopard Cat
Masked Palm Civet


Donors
Get involved

Job Opportunities
Volunteer
Campaigns
Shop
Fundraise for us
Report Wildlife Crime


ADOPT

Adopt A Pangolin
Adopt An Otter
Adopt A Leopard Cat
Adopt A Binturong
Adopt A Civet


DONATE

Donate
Wishlist














 
 







Rescue of a Chinese Pangolin in Hoa Binh
Home>2023>June>Rescue>Rescue of a Chinese Pangolin in Hoa Binh








Post author:Admin
Post published:20 June, 2023
Post category:Latest News / Rescue


On June 16, 2023, Save Vietnam’s Wildlife (SVW) collaborated with Cuc Phuong National Park and the Criminal Investigation Agency of Hoa Binh Province to rescue a rare Chinese pangolin.
According to the information provided by the Hoa Binh province police, they stopped a local man while he was transporting a Chinese pangolin on a motorbike from Yen Tri commune to Hang Tram town, Yen Thuy district, Hoa Binh province. The Criminal Investigation Agency of Hoa Binh province, in collaboration with the Traffic Police Team of Yen Thuy district, apprehended the suspect in the early afternoon of June 15. The suspect admitted to purchasing the pangolin from a resident in Ngoc Luong commune, where they hunt in the forest. Furthermore, the suspect had a history of keeping and trading wild animals. Currently, the suspect is in custody, awaiting further investigation and trial.

We immediately set out to bring the Chinese pangolin back during the night. Photo © SVW
After seizing the evidence, the police brought the Chinese pangolin to the Institute of Ecology and Biological Resources in Hanoi for evaluation. On the same day, they contacted SVW to arrange for the handover and care of the rescued pangolin. Upon receiving the information, SVW’s Rapid Response Team promptly coordinated with Cuc Phuong National Park and set out on the night of June 15, 2023, to bring the pangolin to the rescue center.
The rescued individual is a male Chinese pangolin weighing approximately 6kg. He was in a stressed condition but showed no signs of serious injuries. “Upon receiving the information, we made every effort to transport the pangolin to the center to ensure its health. We received enthusiastic support from the Criminal Investigation Agency of Hoa Binh province,” shared Tran Van Truong, the Rescue Coordinator of Save Vietnam’s Wildlife. Chinese pangolins are rare, and their population in the wild is decreasing.

Due to their high value, people often capture them for illegal trade rather than personal use. Photo © SVW
Recently, there has been increased attention towards wildlife conservation, with new legislation and amendments to existing laws related to protecting wild animals. Authorities have implemented specific provisions and stringent regulations to address the illegal trading, hunting, and transportation of wildlife. However, there remains a significant gap in addressing the unlawful use and consumption of wildlife in various laws and regulations, such as the amended Penal Code of 2015, the amended Biodiversity Law of 2018 (32/VBHN-VPQH), the Forestry Law of 2017 (16/2017/QH14), Decree 35/2019/NĐ-CP, Decree 160/2013/NĐ-CP, Decree 64/2019/NĐ-CP, Decree 06/2019/NĐ-CP, and Directive 29/2020/CT-TTg. This poses challenges for law enforcement agencies in handling related cases and prosecutions. The term “use/consumption of wildlife” is often omitted or lacks precise definitions and penalties in legal regulations.
To effectively combat the illegal hunting of wildlife and protect the biodiversity of Vietnam requires the collective efforts and cooperation of relevant authorities and conservation organizations. Specific definitions and accompanying penalties must be established to address cases related to the unlawful “use and consumption of wildlife.”





Sharing is Caring ❤
Share this content




Opens in a new window









Opens in a new window









Opens in a new window









Opens in a new window









Opens in a new window









Opens in a new window










Read more articles
 Previous PostIncreasing animal welfare for confiscated wildlife, awareness raising on poaching, and ongoing animal welfare education for children in Vietnam Next PostPre-campaign survey with local communities in the buffer zone Cat Tien, U Minh Thuong U Minh Ha National Parks



You Might Also Like





 


Welcoming The Lunar Year Of The Tiger 2022 – Join Svw To Protect Indochinese Tigers

29 January, 2022




 


Releasing 65 big-headed turtles

19 May, 2023




 


Enhancing the efficiency of forest protection and wildlife conservation efforts at Cat Tien National Park

28 April, 2023













 

Contact InfoAddress:Cuc Phuong, Nho Quan, Ninh BinhTel:+ 84 229 3848 053Hotline:0978 331 441Email:[email protected]Opens in your application 





Newsletter signup!
Enter your email to subscribe us!



Email



Name


Please wait...








Thank you for sign up!






 


Follow us on social media!

Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
LinkedIn
 





				©2024 SVW. All rights reserved.			











This is a test modal



































