










The Herald - Breaking news.
























































































 










Zimpapers Digital
The Sunday Mail
Business Weekly
Chronicle
Sunday News
B-Metro
Kwayedza
Suburban
Manicapost
uMthunywa
More +

H-Metro
The Southern Times
ZTN


Play Radio

StarFM
Diamond FM
Capitalk FM
Nyami Nyami


Podcast
 







Today Thu, 15 Feb 2024





Subscribe
















Toggle Navigation








Zimpapers Logo






s


Home
Top Stories
National
BusinessTop Stories
Companies
Economy
Markets

SportNetball
Football
Cricket
Boxing

EntertainmentARTS & CULTURE

@JAMWANDA2 on SATURDAY
CPC CONGRESS
AGRIBUSINESS
Election 2023Parliament Election Results

More +Vision 2030
Looking Back
ARTS & CULTURE
Africa
Crime & Courts
E-Paper
International
Opinion & Analysis
PODCASTS





















June 29, 2023


Suspected poachers remanded in custody







Shepherd Tachiona (50) (Detective Superintendent) of Dawnview Park, Harare, Mkhululi Nyoni (51) (Detective Chief Inspector) of Manyame Park, Chitungwiza and Monica Madzima (Detective Inspector) of Chipukutu Park, Ruwa are attached to the Asset and Forfeiture Unit, CID Headquarters in Harare.






 


Crime Reporter



TWO suspected poachers believed to be part of a syndicate involved in wildlife crimes have been arrested in Chiredzi and police recovered pangolin scales, lion teeth and hyena teeth.
Rabson Hanyani (42) and Sarel Chauke (38) of Gezani Village under Chief Gezani in Chikombedzi were arrested for contravening the Parks and Wildlife Act for possession of trophies from specially protected animals, that his the pangolin scales, lion teeth and hyena teeth, without a permit.
In a statement, acting CID spokesperson Detective Sergeant Fanuel Nyamusa giving details said: “Information was received to the effect that the two were in possession of pangolin scales at Makanani shopping centre, Chikombedzi and they were looking for a buyer.
“Acting upon the information, a team of detectives from Chiredzi made some follow up on the accused persons and proceeded to Makanani shopping centre in Chikombedzi. On arrival the team managed to identify the accused persons who were carrying satchels on their backs. Searches were conducted leading to the recovery of 2kg of Pangolin scales, two lion teeth and four hyena teeth,” he said.



He said the detectives then demanded a licence or permit authorising them to possess the trophies but the two failed to produce the permit, leading to their arrest.
“The accused persons appeared in court where they were both remanded in custody for trial. The Zimbabwe Republic Police continues to discourage members of the public from engaging in illegal activities endangering wildlife.”
“Crimes to do with parks and wildlife carry mandatory sentences. A mandatory 10-year jail term is guaranteed for such offences. Therefore, we warn members of the public to desist from poaching. In addition, let us all safeguard our wildlife and other natural resources for the future generation,” Detective Sgt Nyamusa said.
He appealed to members of the public to contact any nearest police station about anyone involved in such practices.









Share This:

























June 29, 2023


Maize harvest exceeds target











 June 29, 2023


Maize harvest exceeds target









You Might Also Like




/











Crime & Courts


February 15, 2024


Zim man jailed 5 years in botched pangol...




Thupeyo Muleya Beitbridge Bureau A 45-year-old Zimbabwean man has been sent to prison in South Africa for five years after he was caught selling a pangolin in Polokwane in 2021. Francis Shereni who pleaded not guilty when the trial opened at the  Mankweng Regional Court in Limpopo was convicted on the strength of the State’s evidence. […]


Continue Reading... 







Crime & Courts


February 15, 2024


Suspected armed robber gunned down at Ng...




George Maponga in Masvingo Police in Masvingo on Valentine’s Day gunned down a suspected armed robber following a shoot-out at Ngundu Business Centre. The deceased suspect, Pardon Shoko (36) of Runyararo West suburb in Masvingo died upon admission at Ngundu Clinic after he was shot in the shoulder by a team of detectives that was […]


Continue Reading... 







Crime & Courts


February 15, 2024


Redcliff couple found dead….driver...




Freedom MupanedemoMidlands Bureau A Redcliff couple was found dead in their house this morning in a suspected murder case which has since led to the arrest of the couple’s driver and mechanic. The deceased couple of Mr Ken Chirashi and his wife, Lorna had just returned from the United Kingdom where they were now based. […]


Continue Reading... 














Other PublicationsThe Sunday Mail
Business Weekly
Chronicle
Sunday News
H-Metro
 


Comments





Please enable JavaScript to view comments powered by Disqus.











Sponsored Links




Classifieds
Electronics
Cars & Parts
Building Supplies
Services
Property, Houses
Home & Garden
Commercial Supplies
Jobs
Business Directory



Web Development
Domain Registration
Email Hosting
Web Hosting
Online Payments
Buy ZESA Tokens
Buy TelOne ADSL
Buy Airtime
Pay Tuition Fees
Pay Nyaradzo
.




NewsAgriculture JournalSign Up To Our NewsletterReceive news headlines directly to your inbox, daily!


Leave this field empty if you're human: 






SPONSORED LINKSMUDZI RDC

ZB Bank - Money Transfer

OK Grand Challenge

Window Mechanisms Repairs
























Follow Us On RSS





Follow Us On Facebook





Follow Us On Twitter





Follow Us On Youtube Play
















Take our Survey



✕







We value your opinion! Take a moment to complete our survey
Take Survey



Dismiss ad


This will close in 0 seconds
































 





 









About Us




Zimbabwe Newspapers (1980) Ltd is the oldest newspaper publisher and commercial printer in Zimbabwe.


Read More




Herald House, Cnr George Silundika & Sam Nujoma, Harare, Zimbabwe



+263 024 795771



+263 71 683 6796



[email protected]








Other Publications


The Sunday Mail
Business Weekly
Chronicle
Sunday News
H-Metro




TV stations

Zim papers TV network




Radio stations

All Radio StationsStar FM
Capitalk
Diamond FM
Platinum FM





Commercial printing divisions

All printing divisionsNATPRINT
TYPOCRAFTRS







Categories


Top Stories
National
International
Business
Sport
ARTS & CULTURE






Subscribe


Paper Subscription
About Zimpapers
Newsletter Subscription
Advertise









© 2024 Herald. All Rights Reserved.














Home
Disclaimer










Follow Us On RSS





Follow Us On Facebook





Follow Us On Twitter





Follow Us On Youtube Play

























