

    Trail of blood at crime scene leads Arizona police to a Bengal tiger cub in a dog crate - CBS News
















Latest

U.S.


World


Politics


Entertainment


HealthWatch


MoneyWatch


Crime


Sports



Local News

Baltimore


Bay Area


Boston


Chicago


Colorado


Detroit


Los Angeles


Miami


Minnesota


New York


Philadelphia


Pittsburgh


Sacramento


Texas



Live

CBS News Streaming


Baltimore


Bay Area


Boston


Chicago


Colorado


Detroit


Los Angeles


Miami


Minnesota


New York


Philadelphia


Pittsburgh


Sacramento


Texas



Shows

48 Hours


60 Minutes


America Decides


CBS Evening News


CBS Mornings


CBS News Eye on America


CBS News Mornings


CBS Reports


CBS Saturday Morning


The Dish


Face the Nation


Here Comes the Sun


Person to Person


Prime Time


Sunday Morning


The Takeout


The Uplift


Weekender






Super Bowl


Photos


Podcasts


In Depth


Newsletters


Mobile


CBS News Team


Executive Team


CBS Store


Paramount+


Join Our Talent Community


RSS


A Moment With...


Davos 2023


Innovators & Disruptors






















U.S.


World


Politics


Entertainment


HealthWatch


MoneyWatch


Crime


Sports


Essentials








Watch CBS News













            Crime
            

Trail of blood at crime scene leads Arizona police to a Bengal tiger cub in a dog crate




January 12, 2023 / 6:08 AM EST
          / CBS/AP
        














Police officers responding to reports of a shooting in southeast Albuquerque say they found a young Bengal tiger in a dog crate, but it's not the same animal sought since last year. A trail of blood at the crime scene led officers to the exotic animal, CBS affiliate KRQE-TV reported.New Mexico Department of Game and Fish officials said they took custody of the tiger and transferred it to the ABQ BioPark until an investigation is completed and a permanent home for the animal can be found.
New Mexico Department of Game and Fish conservation officers took possession of a young Bengal tiger confiscated by the Albuquerque Police Department on Tuesday.

            
                New Mexico Department of Game and Fish

                          
Veterinarians at the zoo checked out the 20-pound cub and said it is in good health, KRQE-TV reported. 






"It appears to be weaving in and out of people's legs out somewhere at the BioPark. Drinking water and doing kind of tiger cub things," Game and Fish spokesperson Darren Vaughn told the station.The department sought the public's help to find a young tiger that had been whisked away last summer from an Albuquerque-area house where police reported finding drugs, guns, cash and a 3-foot alligator.


"The Department of Game and Fish suspects that the tiger confiscated Tuesday is not the same tiger sought during the August 2022 search," Field Operations Division Col. Tim Cimbal said.Cimbal said the tiger from August is believed to be more than a year old and likely weighs 50-90 pounds by now while the tiger found this week is only a few months old and weighs 20 pounds.Authorities served search warrants on two residences in Albuquerque's South Valley Tuesday afternoon in response to tips that a tiger was being illegally held at one of the residences.Police said a man was found at a mobile home with a gunshot wound on one of his legs and may have been struck by a stray bullet.


Officers spotted a blood trail and followed it to an unlocked trailer and that's where the tiger was found inside the crate.Laura Hagen, a director with the Humane Society of the United States, said in a statement that New Mexico already bans residents from keeping tigers as pets and federal law now prohibits private owners from keeping tigers as pets or for breeding purposes."Big cat cubs like the tiger found in Albuquerque are not pets. They are dangerous, wild animals and don't belong in homes or dog crates," Hagen said.New Mexico Department of Game and Fish officials said that it has "noted a substantial increase in inquiries about permits to import or possess tigers associated with the practice on popular television shows."
Tiger cub found at crime scene temporarily at zoo, investigation ongoing https://t.co/o83FECl3Hv— KRQE News 13 (@krqe) January 12, 2023


More from CBS News






 New Mexico officer stabbed to death before witness kills suspect, police say







 Former pro wrestler in custody after wife found dead in Oregon home







 Hiker kills rabid coyote with bare hands in Rhode Island







 Pistons' Isaiah Stewart arrested after pregame altercation with Suns' Drew Eubanks







 Man arrested after 3 children, 2 women found dead in different locations




In:
          Arizona
Tiger

First published on January 12, 2023 / 6:08 AM EST


© 2023 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.


Thanks for reading CBS NEWS. 
Create your free account or log in  for more features.




 Continue 



                Please enter email address to continue
            

                Please enter valid email address to continue
            








More from CBS News






          New Mexico officer stabbed to death before witness kills suspect, police say
        






          Former pro wrestler in custody after wife found dead in Oregon home
        






          Hiker kills rabid coyote with bare hands in Rhode Island
        






          Pistons' Isaiah Stewart arrested after pregame altercation with Suns' Drew Eubanks
        


























Copyright ©2024 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
California Notice
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Terms of Use
About
Advertise
Closed Captioning
CBS News Live on Paramount+
CBS News Store
Site Map
Contact Us
Help


facebook




twitter




instagram




youtube



View CBS News In




CBS News App

Open





Chrome




Safari

Continue



Be the first to know
Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting.
Not Now
Turn On


